Recommend making create spans disableable (#1446)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/messaging/messaging-spans.md

The "Publish" span SHOULD always link to the creation context that was injected
into a message either from a "Create" span or as a custom creation context.

When instrumenting library API that always sends a single message, it's
RECOMMENDED to create "Publish" span without "Create" span.

When instrumenting library API that usually operate with batches, it's
RECOMMENDED to create "Create" span for each message along with the "Publish" span.

> It's also RECOMMENDED to provide a configuration option allowing to disable "Create"

Author: Let's add an example for no-create-batch-publish

The "Publish" span SHOULD always link to the creation context that was injected
into a message either from a "Create" span or as a custom creation context.

> When instrumenting library API that always sends a single message, it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When instrumenting a library API that always sends a single message, it is
```

RECOMMENDED to create "Publish" span without "Create" span.

> When instrumenting library API that usually operate with batches, it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When instrumenting a library API that usually operate with batches, it is
```

> RECOMMENDED to create "Create" span for each message along with the "Publish" span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RECOMMENDED to create a "Create" span for each message along with the "Publish" span.
```

> It's also RECOMMENDED to provide a configuration option allowing to disable "Create"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also RECOMMENDED to provide a configuration option allowing to disable "Create"
```
